[IMP] inventory: fix and update lots (#3850)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/lots_serial_numbers/lots.rst

--> Products`, and choose a product. Once on the product form, click the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab.

To track this product using lots, click :guilabel:`Edit`, and under the :guilabel:`Traceability`
section, click :guilabel:`By Lots`. :guilabel:`Save` changes. Existing or new Lot numbers can now
be assigned to newly-received or manufactured batches of this product.

.. image:: lots/lots-tracking-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled tracking by lots feature on product form.

Create new lots for products already in stock
---------------------------------------------

New lots can be created for products already in stock with no assigned lot number. To do this, go
to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`, and click :guilabel:`Create`. A
new :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` will be generated automatically.

.. tip::
    Although Odoo automatically generates a new :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` to follow the most
    recent number, it can be edited and changed to be whatever number is desired by clicking the
    line under the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` field and changing the generated number.

> Once the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` is generated, click the :guilabel:`drop-down` next to

Author: I used a `:guilabel:` here since technically it's UI that you interact with, I'll leave this up to final review

:guilabel:`Product`, and select the product that this new number will be assigned to.
:guilabel:`Save changes`.

.. image:: lots/lots-new-lot-number.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New lot number creation form with assigned product.

After the new lot number has been created and assigned to the desired product, navigate back to the
product form by going to :menuselection:`Products --> Products`, and selecting the product the new
lot number was just assigned to. Click the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` smart button to see the
new lot number. When additional quantity of this product is received or manufactured, this new lot

> number can be assigned to it.

Author: Not always - specified this ahead of this sentence to clear up

sales order, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` app, and click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new
quotation. Then, fill out the information by adding a :guilabel:`Customer`, and by adding products
to the :guilabel:`Product` lines by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product`. Choose the desired quantity
to sell by changing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column.

Once the quotation has been filled out, click :guilabel:`Confirm`. When the quotation is confirmed,
it will become a sales order, and a :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button will appear. Click the
:guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to be taken to the warehouse delivery form.

From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu (hamburger) icon, and a
:guilabel:`Detailed Operations` popup will appear. A :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` will be chosen
by default, with the full :guilabel:`Reserved` quantity taken from that specific lot (if there is
enough stock in that particular lot). If there is insufficient stock in that lot, or if partial
quantities of the :guilabel:`Demand` should be taken from multiple lots, change the quantity in the
:guilabel:`Done` column to only include part of the total quantity.

.. note::

>     The lot automatically chosen for delivery orders will vary depending on the selected removal

Author: Good call

purchase order. Also by default, using *existing* lot numbers isn't allowed upon receipt. For sales
orders, it is the opposite: new lot numbers cannot be created on the delivery order, but existing
lot numbers can be used.

To change the ability to use new or existing lot numbers on any operation type, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Operations Types`, and select the desired
:guilabel:`Operation Type`. For :guilabel:`Receipts`, the
:guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled by clicking :guilabel:`Edit` and
then clicking the :guilabel:`checkbox`. For :guilabel:`Delivery Orders`, the
:guilabel:`Create New Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled by clicking :guilabel:`Edit` and
clicking the checkbox. For any changes made, be sure to :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: lots/lots-operations-type-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled traceability setting on operations type form.

.. tip::
    For inter-warehouse trasnfers involving products tracked by lots, it can be useful to enable
    the :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option for :guilabel:`Receipts`.

Lots traceability
=================

> The benefit of using lots (or serial numbers) to track products is that it offers end-to-end

Reviewer: Instead of describing the benefits of lots overall, this can be one sentence explaining the traceability report. "The traceability report shows x, y, and z". Otherwise it sounds a bit too much like an introduction to a new document.

quantity to order by changing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column.

Once the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` has been filled out, click :guilabel:`Confirm Order`.
When the :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` is confirmed, it will become a
:guilabel:`Purchase Order`, and a :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button will appear. Click the
:guilabel:`Receipt` smart button to be taken to the warehouse receipt form.

.. note::
    Clicking :guilabel:`Validate` before assigning a lot number to the ordered product quantities
    will cause a :guilabel:`User Error` popup to appear. The popup prompts entry of a
    lot or serial number for the ordered products. The :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` cannot
    be validated without a lot number being assigned.

.. image:: lots/lots-user-error-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add lot/serial number user error popup.

From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu (hamburger) icon, and a
:guilabel:`Detailed Operations` popup will appear. The next step is to assign a lot number under
the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number Name` field. There are two ways to do this:

> - **Manually assign Lot numbers**: Click :guilabel:`Add a line` and choose the location the
>   products will be stored in under the :guilabel:`To` column. Then, type a new
>   :guilabel:`Lot Number Name` and set the :guilabel:`Done` quantity.

Reviewer 2: reformat suggestion / rephrasing

```suggestion
Assign lot numbers manually
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To assign lot numbers manually, click :guilabel:`Add a line` from the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up, and first choose the location where the product will be stored under the :guilabel:`To` column.

Then, type a new :guilabel:`Lot Number Name`, and set the :guilabel:`Done` quantity in the appropriate columns. 
```

.. image:: lots/lots-assign-lot-number-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Assign lot number detailed operations popup.

.. note::
    If quantities should be processed in multiple locations and lots, click :guilabel:`Add a line`
    and type a new :guilabel:`Lot Number Name` for additional quantities. Repeat until the
    :guilabel:`Quantity Done` matches the :guilabel:`Demand`.

> - **Copy/paste Lot numbers from an Excel file**: Populate an Excel spreadsheet with all of the lot
>   numbers received from the supplier (or manually chosen to assign upon receipt). Then, copy and
>   paste them in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number Name` column. Odoo will automatically create the
>   necessary number of lines based on the amount of numbers pasted in the column. From here, the
>   :guilabel:`To` locations and :guilabel:`Done` quantities can be manually entered in each of the
>   lot number lines.

Reviewer 2: reformat suggestion / rephrase

```suggestion
Copy/paste lot numbers from an Excel file
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To copy and paste lot numbers from an existing *Excel* file, first populate an *Excel* spreadsheet with all of the lot numbers received from the supplier (or manually chosen upon receipt). Then, copy and paste them in the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number Name` column. Odoo will automatically create the necessary number of lines based on the amount of numbers pasted in the column.

From here, the :guilabel:`To` locations and :guilabel:`Done` quantities can be manually entered in each of the serial number lines.
```

.. image:: lots/lots-excel-spreadsheet.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of lot numbers copied on excel spreadsheet.

> Once all product quantities have been assigned a lot number, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to close the
> popup, and click :guilabel:`Validate`. A :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button will appear upon
> validating the receipt. Click the :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated
> :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which includes: a :guilabel:`Reference` document; the
> :guilabel:`Product` being traced; the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial #` assigned; and more.

Reviewer 2: slight rephrasing

```suggestion
Once all product quantities have been assigned a lot number, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to close
the pop-up. Then, click :guilabel:`Validate`.

A :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button appears upon validating the receipt. Click the :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which includes: a :guilabel:`Reference` document, the
:guilabel:`Product` being traced, the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial #`, and more.
```

Manage lots on delivery orders
------------------------------

> Assigning lot numbers to *outgoing* goods can be done directly from the sales order. To create a
> sales order, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` app, and click :guilabel:`Create` to create a new
> quotation. Then, fill out the information by adding a :guilabel:`Customer`, and by adding products
> to the :guilabel:`Product` lines by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product`. Choose the desired quantity
> to sell by changing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column.

Reviewer 2: rephrasing

```suggestion
With Odoo *Inventory*, lot numbers can be assigned to *outgoing* goods directly from a sales order.

To create a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`, navigate to the *Sales* app, and click the :guilabel:`Create` button. Doing so, reveals a new, blank quotation form. On this blank quotation form, fill out the necessary information, by adding a :guilabel:`Customer`, and adding products to the :guilabel:`Product` lines (in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab), by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product`. 

Then, choose the desired quantity to sell by changing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column.
```

> Once the quotation has been filled out, click :guilabel:`Confirm`. When the quotation is confirmed,
> it will become a :guilabel:`Sales Order`, and a :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button will appear.
> Click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to be taken to the :guilabel:`Warehouse Delivery Form`.

Reviewer 2: rephrasing

```suggestion
Once the quotation has been filled out, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to confirm the quotation. When the quotation is confirmed, the quotation becomes a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`, and a :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button appears.

Click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to be view to the :guilabel:`Warehouse Receipt Form` for that specific :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`.
```

> From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu (hamburger) icon, and a
> :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` popup will appear. A :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` will be chosen
> by default, with the full :guilabel:`Reserved` quantity taken from that specific lot (if there is
> enough stock in that particular lot). If there is insufficient stock in that lot, or if partial
> quantities of the :guilabel:`Demand` should be taken from multiple lots, change the quantity in the
> :guilabel:`Done` column to only include part of the total quantity.

Reviewer 2: rephrasing

```suggestion
From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a `hamburger` icon (four vertical lines, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab). Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

In the pop-up, a :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` will be chosen by default, with the full :guilabel:`Reserved` quantity taken from that specific lot (if there is enough stock in that particular lot).

If there is insufficient stock in that lot, or if partial quantities of the :guilabel:`Demand` should be taken from multiple lots, change the quantity in the :guilabel:`Done` column to only include that specific part of the total quantity.
```

.. note::

>     The lot automatically chosen for delivery orders will vary depending on the selected removal
>     strategy (:abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)`, :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)`, or
>     :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)`). It will also depend on the quantity ordered, and if
>     there is enough quantity in one lot to fulfill the order.

Reviewer 2: slight grammatical adjustment

```suggestion
    The lot automatically chosen for delivery orders varies, depending on the selected removal
    strategy (:abbr:`FIFO (First In, First Out)`, :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)`, or
    :abbr:`FEFO (First Expiry, First Out)`). It will also depend on the quantity ordered, and if
    there is enough quantity in one lot to fulfill the order.
```

.. seealso::
    - :doc:`../../routes/strategies/removal`

Then, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, select an additional (different) :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number`,
apply the rest of the :guilabel:`Done` quantities, and click :guilabel:`Confirm` to close the

> popup. Click :guilabel:`Validate` to deliver the products.

Reviewer 2: minor adjustment

```suggestion
pop-up. Lastly, click the :guilabel:`Validate` button to deliver the products.
```

.. image:: lots/lots-detailed-operations-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Detailed operations popup for source lot number on sales order.

> A :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button will appear upon validating the delivery order. Click the
> :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which
> includes: a :guilabel:`Reference` document; the :guilabel:`Product` being traced; the
> :guilabel:`Lot/Serial #` assigned; and the :guilabel:`Reference` receipt from the previous purchase
> order (if the product quantities shared the same lot number).

Reviewer 2: slight rephrasing

```suggestion
Upon validating the delivery order, a :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button appears. Click the :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which includes: a :guilabel:`Reference` document, the :guilabel:`Product` being traced, the :guilabel:`Date`, and the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial #` assigned.

The :guilabel:`Traceability Report` can also include a :guilabel:`Reference` receipt from the previous purchase order, if the product quantities shared the same lot number.
```

Manage lots for different operations types
==========================================

> By default in Odoo, the creation of new lots is only allowed upon *receiving* products from a
> purchase order. *Existing* lot numbers cannot be used. For sales orders, the opposite is true: new
> lot numbers cannot be created on the delivery order, only existing lot numbers can be used.

Reviewer 2: minor adjustment

```suggestion
In Odoo, the creation of new lots is only allowed upon *receiving* products from a purchase order, by default. *Existing* lot numbers cannot be used. 

For sales orders, the opposite is true: new lot numbers cannot be created on the delivery order, only existing lot numbers can be used.
```

> To change the ability to use new or existing lot numbers on any operation type, go to
> :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Operations Types`, and select the desired
> :guilabel:`Operation Type`. For :guilabel:`Receipts`, the
> :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled by clicking :guilabel:`Edit` and
> then clicking the :guilabel:`checkbox`. For :guilabel:`Delivery Orders`, the
> :guilabel:`Create New Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled by clicking :guilabel:`Edit` and
> clicking the checkbox. For any changes made, be sure to :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 2: rephrasing/reformatted

```suggestion
To change the ability to use new (or existing) lot numbers on any operation type, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Operations Types`, and select the desired
:guilabel:`Operation Type`. 

For :guilabel:`Receipts`, found on the :guilabel:`Operations Types` page, the :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled, by clicking :guilabel:`Edit`, and then clicking the checkbox beside the :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option (in the :guilabel:`Traceability` section). Lastly, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes. 

For :guilabel:`Delivery Orders`, the :guilabel:`Create New Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be enabled, by clicking :guilabel:`Edit`, and clicking the checkbox beside the :guilabel:`Create New Lots/Serial Numbers` option. Be sure to click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save all changes.
```

.. image:: lots/lots-operations-type-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled traceability setting on operations type form.

.. tip::
    For inter-warehouse trasnfers involving products tracked by lots, it can be useful to enable

>     the :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option for :guilabel:`Receipts`.

Reviewer 2: would a :guilabel: be necessary for Receipts in this instance? Might be worth looking into...

Lots traceability
=================

Manufacturers and companies can refer to traceability reports to see the entire lifecycle of a

> product: where (and when) it came from; where it was stored; and who (and when) it went to.

Reviewer 2: removed semi-colons

```suggestion
product: where (and when) it came from, where it was stored, and who (and when) it went to.
```

> To see the full traceability of a product or group by lots, go to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. From here, products with lot numbers assigned to them will be
> listed by default, and can be expanded to show the lot number(s) those products have assigned to
> them.

Reviewer 2: slight adjustment

```suggestion
To see the full traceability of a product, or group by lots, go to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers.` Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` page.

From here, products with lot numbers assigned to them will be listed by default, and can be expanded to show the lot number(s) those products have assigned to them.
```

=====================================
Use lots to manage groups of products
=====================================

*Lots* are one of the two ways to identify and track products in Odoo. A lot usually indicates a
specific batch of an item that was received, is currently stored, or was shipped from a warehouse,
but can also pertain to a batch of products manufactured in-house, as well.

Manufacturers assign lot numbers to groups of products that have common properties; this can lead to
multiple goods sharing the same lot number. This helps to identify a number of products in a single
group, and allows for end-to-end traceability of these products through each step in their
lifecycles.

Lots are useful for products that are manufactured or received in large quantities (such as clothes
or food), and can be used to trace a product back to a group. This is especially useful when
managing product recalls or expiration dates.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/lots_serial_numbers/serial_numbers`

Enable lots & serial numbers
============================

> To track products using lots, the :guilabel:`Lots & Serial Numbers` feature must be enabled. Go to

Reviewer 3: The active instruction hasnt started yet here, so we can italicize *Lots & Serial Numbers*
```suggestion
To track products using lots, the *Lots & Serial Numbers* feature must be enabled. Go to
```

:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll down to the
:guilabel:`Traceability` section, and click the box next to :guilabel:`Lots & Serial Numbers`. Then,
click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save changes.

.. image:: lots/lots-enabled-lots-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled lots and serial numbers feature in inventory settings.

Track products by lots
======================

Once the :guilabel:`Lots & Serial Numbers` setting has been activated, individual products can now
be configured to be tracked using lots. To do this, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`, and choose a product.

Once on the product form, click :guilabel:`Edit` to make changes to the form. Then, click the

> :guilabel:`Inventory` tab.
> 
> To track this product using lots, in the :guilabel:`Traceability` section (under the
> :guilabel:`Inventory` tab), click :guilabel:`By Lots`. Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save changes.
> Existing or new lot numbers can now be assigned to newly-received or manufactured batches of this
> product.

Reviewer 4: Cutting down on wordiness
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Inventory` tab. In the :guilabel:`Traceability` section, click :guilabel:`By Lots`. Then,
:guilabel:`Save` the changes. Existing or new lot numbers can now be assigned to newly-received or
manufactured batches of this product.
```

   number, it can be edited and changed to any desired number, by clicking the line under the
   :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` field, and changing the generated number.

Once the new :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number` is generated, click the blank field next to
:guilabel:`Product` to reveal a drop-down menu. From this menu, select the product to which this new
number will be assigned.

This form also provides the option to adjust the :guilabel:`Quantity`, assign a unique
:guilabel:`Internal Reference` number (for traceability purposes), and assign this specific lot or
serial number configuration to a specific website in the :guilabel:`Website` field (if working in a
multi-website environment).

A detailed description of this specific lot or serial number can also be added in the
:guilabel:`Description` tab below.

When all desired configurations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save all changes.

.. image:: lots/lots-new-lot-number.png
   :align: center
   :alt: New lot number creation form with assigned product.

After a new lot number has been created, saved, and assigned to the desired product, navigate back

> to the product form in the *Inventory* app, by going to :menuselection:`Products --> Products`, and
> selecting the product to which this newly-created lot number was just assigned.

Reviewer 3: Directing the user to the Inventory app
```suggestion
to the product form in the :menuselection:`Inventory` app, by going to :menuselection:`Products -->
Products`, and selecting the product to which this newly-created lot number was just assigned.
```

On that product's detail form, click the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Numbers` smart button to view the new

> lot number. When additional quantity of this product is received or manufactured, this new lot

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
lot number. When additional quantities of this product is received or manufactured, this new lot
```

number can be selected and assigned to it.

Manage lots for shipping and receiving
======================================

Lot numbers can be assigned for both **incoming** and **outgoing** goods. For incoming goods, lot
numbers are assigned directly on the purchase order form. For outgoing goods, lot numbers are
assigned directly on the sales order form.

Manage lots on receipts
-----------------------

Assigning lot numbers to **incoming** goods can be done directly from the purchase order (PO).

> To create a :abbr:`PO (purchase order)`, go to the :menuselection:`Purchase app --> Create`. Doing

Reviewer 4: grammar
```suggestion
To create a :abbr:`PO (purchase order)`, go to :menuselection:`Purchase app --> Create`. Doing
```

so reveals a new, blank request for quotation (RFQ) form.

On this :abbr:`RFQ (request for quotation)`, fill out the necessary information by adding a
:guilabel:`Vendor`, and adding the desired products to the :guilabel:`Product` lines, by clicking

> :guilabel:`Add a product` (under the :guilabel:`Products` tab).

Reviewer 4: redundant
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Add a product`.
```

Choose the desired quantity of the product to order by changing the number in the
:guilabel:`Quantity` column.

Once the :abbr:`RFQ (request for quotation)` has been filled out, click :guilabel:`Confirm Order`.
When the :abbr:`RFQ (request for quotation)` is confirmed, it becomes a :guilabel:`Purchase Order`,
and a :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button appears. Click the :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button to be
taken to the warehouse receipt form.

.. note::
   Clicking :guilabel:`Validate` before assigning a lot number to the ordered product quantities
   will result in a :guilabel:`User Error` pop-up. The pop-up requires entry of a lot or serial
   number for the ordered products. The :abbr:`RFQ (request for quotation)` **cannot** be validated
   without a lot number being assigned.

.. image:: lots/lots-user-error-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add lot/serial number user error popup.

> From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`hamburger
> (four horizontal lines)` icon, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the

Reviewer 4: Another way to write this
```suggestion
From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`≣ 
(hamburger)` icon, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the
```

> From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a `hamburger` icon (four
> horizontal lines, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the
> :guilabel:`Operations` tab). Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

Reviewer 3: The active element, the icon, should be in a guilabel and I believe it would be appropriate to put the icon descriptor in the parenthesis
```suggestion
From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`hamburger
(four horizontal lines)` icon, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the
:guilabel:`Operations` tab. Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.
```

> :guilabel:`Operations` tab). Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

Reviewer 3: closing parenthesis with no opener 😉
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Operations` tab. Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.
```

> In this pop-up, configure a number of different fields, including the assignation of a lot number,
> under the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number Name` column, located at the bottom of the pop-up.
> 
> There are two ways to do this: **manually** and **copy/paste**.

Reviewer 4: Grammar is off between these two paragraphs.
"To do this" ... to do what exactly?

```suggestion
In this pop-up, configure a number of different fields, including the assignation of a lot number,
under the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial Number Name` column, located at the bottom of the pop-up.

Assign lot numbers either **manually** or by **copying/pasting from a spreadsheet**.
```

- **Manually assign lot numbers**: Click :guilabel:`Add a line` and choose the location the products
  will be stored in under the :guilabel:`To` column. Then, type a new :guilabel:`Lot Number Name`
  and set the :guilabel:`Done` quantity.

.. image:: lots/lots-assign-lot-number-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Assign lot number detailed operations popup.

.. note::
   If quantities should be processed in multiple locations and lots, click :guilabel:`Add a line`
   and type a new :guilabel:`Lot Number Name` for additional quantities. Repeat until the

>    :guilabel:`Quantity Done` matches the :guilabel:`Demand`.

Reviewer 3: These _can_ be but don't _have_ to be indented to align with the bullet point since they are in context of it - same with the bullet point below

:guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which
includes: a :guilabel:`Reference` document, the :guilabel:`Product` being traced, the
:guilabel:`Lot/Serial #` assigned, and more.

Manage lots on delivery orders
------------------------------

Assigning lot numbers to **outgoing** goods can be done directly from the sales order (SO).

To create an :abbr:`SO (sales order)`, go to the :menuselection:`Sales app --> Create`. Doing so
reveals a new, blank quotation form.

On this blank quotation form, fill out the necessary information by adding a :guilabel:`Customer`,
and adding products to the :guilabel:`Product` lines (in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab) by
clicking :guilabel:`Add a product`.

Then, choose the desired quantity to sell by changing the number in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column.

Once the quotation has been filled out, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to confirm the
quotation. When the quotation is confirmed, it becomes an :abbr:`SO (sales order)`, and a
:guilabel:`Delivery` smart button appears.

Click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to view the warehouse receipt form for that specific
:abbr:`SO (sales order)`.

> From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a `hamburger` icon (four
> horizontal lines, located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the
> :guilabel:`Operations` tab). Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

Reviewer 3: Icon formatting again
```suggestion
From here, click the :guilabel:`Additional Options` menu, represented by a :guilabel:`hamburger (four horizontal lines)` icon , located to the right of the :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` column in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab. Clicking that icon reveals a :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Detailed operations popup for source lot number on sales order.

Upon validating the delivery order, a :guilabel:`Traceability` smart button appears. Click the
:guilabel:`Traceability` smart button to see the updated :guilabel:`Traceability Report`, which
includes a :guilabel:`Reference` document, the :guilabel:`Product` being traced, the
:guilabel:`Date`, and the :guilabel:`Lot/Serial #` assigned.

The :guilabel:`Traceability Report` can also include a :guilabel:`Reference` receipt from the
previous purchase order, if the product quantities shared the same lot number.

Manage lots for different operations types
==========================================

In Odoo, the creation of new lots is only allowed upon **receiving** products from a purchase order,
by default. **Existing** lot numbers cannot be used.

For sales orders, the opposite is true: new lot numbers cannot be created on the delivery order,
only existing lot numbers can be used.

To change the ability to use new (or existing) lot numbers on any operation type, go to the
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Operations Types`, and select the desired
:guilabel:`Operation Type`.

> For :guilabel:`Receipts`, found on the :guilabel:`Operations Types` page, the :guilabel:`Use

Reviewer 3: Its best to use menuselection for a page name
```suggestion
For :guilabel:`Receipts`, found on the :menuselection:`Operations Types` page, the :guilabel:`Use
```

the checkbox beside the :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option (in the
:guilabel:`Traceability` section). Lastly, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the changes.

For :guilabel:`Delivery Orders`, the :guilabel:`Create New Lots/Serial Numbers` option can be
enabled, by clicking :guilabel:`Edit`, and clicking the checkbox beside the :guilabel:`Create New
Lots/Serial Numbers` option. Be sure to click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save all changes.

.. image:: lots/lots-operations-type-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled traceability setting on operations type form.

.. tip::
   For inter-warehouse transfers involving products tracked by lots, it can be useful to enable the
   :guilabel:`Use Existing Lots/Serial Numbers` option for warehouse receipts.

Lots traceability
=================

Manufacturers and companies can refer to traceability reports to see the entire lifecycle of a
product: where (and when) it came from, where it was stored, and who (and when) it went to.

To see the full traceability of a product, or group by lots, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app

> --> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Lots/Serial Numbers` page.

Reviewer 3: Its best to use menuselection for a page name
```suggestion
--> Products --> Lots/Serial Numbers`. Doing so reveals the :menuselection:`Lots/Serial Numbers` page.
```
